WELCOME
-------
Hello! This is my todo list for Tournaments Enhanced.

DO NEXT
-------
Add remaining unit tests
S remove concept of InitiatingHero and refactor all uses to call HeroFinder instead
s Wrap enums
S Move all numeric constants and magic numbers to separate "default values" constants file for easier tweaking of numbers
Add option to disable prize patch and menu and behaviors for compatibility with other mods
refactor EncounterGameMenuBehavior from BehaviorBase and rename BehaviorBase
Use Bannerlord's .GetRandomElement() or custom deterministic implementation for prize selection
Make individual tournament type spawn chances improve the more days its been since the last.
Add option to show prizes from settlement's base culture
Add options to select type of prizes (weapon type, armor type, item tier, arrows)
Exclude Ballista arrows from prizes if arrows are enabled
Allow Selection of companions & remember previous selections
  -Add option: Select All, Select None
  -Add option: Remember companion choices
Hide tournament icon after player plays it
M Possible to replace betting logic, allowing bets on others and increased betting limit?
Possible to watch tournaments & bet without participating?

IMPROVE
-------
Revamp MCM integration - https://github.com/Aragas/Bannerlord.MBOptionScreen
  -Remove lib folder, use Bannerlord.MCM package instead
  -Move Settings into ModState
  -Global and PerCharacter options
    -Is Per-Save better than per-character?
  -ability to reset to defaults
  -all variables tweakable
  -Existing options revamped as well
  -add checkboxes for bonus/cost toggle for resource effects
Don't allow Highborn tournaments for faction led by player, or allow player to host one.
Review Tournaments XPanded
S Don't hide Select Prize button after selecting a prize and ensure reselecting prize keeps same items
Make prizes come from the town (and pay for the prize).
When hosting a tournament, can choose the prize from own items or purchase from town
Make Popup at peace time asking player if they want to host a tournament (and where)
if player is wedded hero ask player if they want to host a tournament (and where).
Worsten relations with previous payor if new payor steals their tournament
A payor friendly with another payor may decide not to steal tournament
Make Highborn tournaments different from invitational? How does this work, do all lords teleport to the arena? or reknown level is only difference?
Ask player to authorize any tournaments happening at player's expense
Charge 2000 upfront cost plus option-configurable scale of cost for prize, and add "host can afford tournament prize" logic
Prize pool is filtered by what the host can afford. Configuration of % of total $ ClanLeaders are willing to spend on tournament prizes. Also configuration of scale of prize cost to host in options.
Simplify logic for finding wedding tournament host settlement

REACH
-----
SM add notification that tournament is happening, and why, to the town description and menu items if possible
SPIKE full item tooltips in prize selection screen? (try ImprovedTooltips mod for examples)
XL Grand Tournaments, happening every x months, announced to player before it happens 1 month, 2 weeks, 1 week, and when tournament begins
  -What should defining characteristics be? Need high renown to compete? Pay to enter? Noble-worthy prizes? Much larger monetary and social gains?
The Travelling Tournament idea: a special party of elite arena fighters travels the world initiating special tier tournaments
  -Must pay fee to enter tournament, since the travellers offer their own reward if non-traveller wins.
SM add mod options input to change language
S if language is default option, select language from Bannerlord
M externalize text resources for multilanguage support
M tournament champion "leaderboards" for towns, nations, and empire (or "world") (NOT online leaderboards)
SPIKE is jousting feasible?

COMMUNICATE
-----------
Update banner and screenshots with photo mode
Update README.md to be more complete and to use markdown.

RECOMMEND
---------
Try out mods to recommend: pacemaker, houses of calradia and noble titles
